docs(Section): move deprecated styles into a seperate docs page (#2585)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/about-the-lib/releases/eufemia/v11-info.mdx

$ yarn add @dnb/eufemia@11
```

## Section

> 1. Most of the `type_style` where removed. Instead use the new `variant` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Most of the `style_type` variants were removed. Instead use the new `variant` property:
```
